<h2>Major Constraints</h2>

 1. Economic Cost
	 - This project contains heavy reliance on storing a lot of data for its users. It is easy for me to host a database of my machine when I am the only user, but if this product were to be actually launched to the general public, I would need to certainly run a database off of a dedicated server. This is not something I would have the money infrastructure to do on my own. I would more than likely pursue cloud options like those offered by Amazon through AWS or Microsoft through Azure. Because I can get the functionality implemented and tested by running a database from my local machine, I will not be pursing any server-based implementation for the time of this project. If, in the future, I would want to look into actually launching the application and making it public, then I would begin to think about cloud services, but it doesn't make sense to pursue that now due to the cost it will bring.
2. Professional/Technical
	- I am including this category under major constraints because a large portion of the technology I am pursuing in this project are things that I don't have much, if any, prior experience in. This impacts my project by making me devote a lot of time into research as compared to development as I learn about things like mobile development and good database design. This will NOT impact my timeline, however, as I have planned the scope and development of the project around this fact.
3. Security
	- With any application that has user accounts, security is always an importance. I don't want intruders to be able to access sensitive data about my users, and will need to keep security in mind when designing my application. I don't plan on requiring too much information about my users other than most likely emails and passwords, but those things are obviously still important to keep private for my users. A big conversation in recent years has been user privacy and I am a firm believer in keeping the things my users do and the information that is stored about my users completely private. I could certainly see someone, somewhere finding a use for the types of data I collect from users (common purchases, favorite recipes, etc.) and will definitely not be giving that data out without express consent from the user.
